Clarify AS::Representations::RedirectController processes files [skip ci] (#47475)
rails/rails: guides/source/active_storage_overview.md

Will generate an `<img>` tag with the `src` pointing to the
[`ActiveStorage::Representations::RedirectController`][]. The browser will

> make a request to that controller, which will process the file and upload the
> processed file if necessary, and return a `302` redirect to the file on the
> remote service (or in [proxy mode](#proxy-mode), return the file contents).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
make a request to that controller, which will perform the following:

1. Process the file and upload the processed file if necessary
2. Return an HTTP `302` redirect to the file
  * Either to the remote service (or in [proxy mode](#proxy-mode)
  * Return the file contents
```

I'm not sure this makes sense, but I generally think breaking up long sentences with many states into bullet-points is good practice.

Author: Thank you for the feedback! I broke up the sentences, hope it makes it more clear.

Will generate an `<img>` tag with the `src` pointing to the
[`ActiveStorage::Representations::RedirectController`][]. The browser will
make a request to that controller, which will perform the following:

1. Process file and upload the processed file if necessary.
2. Return a `302` redirect to the file either to
  * the remote service (e.g., S3).

>   * or `ActiveStorage::Blobs::ProxyController` which will return the file contents if [proxy mode](#proxy-mode).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * or `ActiveStorage::Blobs::ProxyController` which will return the file contents if [proxy mode](#proxy-mode) is enabled.
```

Author: Thank you! Committed.
